In the previous lesson, you learned about
the core idea of localization in an attuative way.
You also did localization quizzes in Python.
As Sebastian already told you,
multiplication and addition solves the localization problem,
and localization is a foundation for autonomous driving.
Now, you will learn more about
the whole underlying math behind such a localization problem.
This means I will teach you the derivation of
the base localization filter called Markov Localization,
which is one of the most common localization frameworks.
In parallel, you will also learn to implement the math directly with C++.
I'll also talk about the motion and observation model.